Help2guides (#2373)
openmicroscopy/ome-documentation: omero/sysadmins/public.rst

   Project/Dataset/Image hierarchy prepared for the move by the author.
#. If you have used OMERO.figure to create your figures for publication, you

>    can always find the original data by using the 'info' tab, as shown in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   can always find the original data by using the 'info' tab inside the OMERO.figure app, see the
```
